README.md, before:

#Robots project

###(under construction)

![Banner](img/banner.png "Robots")


###Changelog
```
v1.0 (2014-12-28)
 - New theme for the v1
v0.9
 - use of getCell() instead of direct access to a public property in World
 - All classes and methods are documented
 - Removing print/println from the code
v0.8
 - Thief robots movements are now adjacent from their current cell
 - Many bugfix
 - New graphic design
 - Working interface!
 - Refactoring (views, models)
v0.7 (2014-12-27)
 - Refactoring (better MVC, org folder)
 - Use of environment variables
 - First window made with Swing to test functionalities
v0.6 (2014-12-22)
 - MVC architecture (folders & packages)
v0.6 (2014-12-21)
 - JewelerJumper now works like a knight chess
v0.5
 - Working JewelerMadman + better code + banner
v0.4
 - Bugfix + more robots + better architecture
v0.3
 - Implementing a timer + some bugfix
 - Little update + adding Thief robots
v0.2
 - Some bugfix + jewelers are now able to drop jewels
v0.1 (2014-12-19)
 - Starting project
```

Commit message:

[&] Old v0 theme has it's own folder

README.md, after:

#Robots project

###(under construction)

![Banner](img/banner.png "Robots")


###Changelog
```
v1.0 (2014-12-28)
 - Old theme is now called v0 and is on it's own folder
 - New theme for the v1
v0.9
 - use of getCell() instead of direct access to a public property in World
 - All classes and methods are documented
 - Removing print/println from the code
v0.8
 - Thief robots movements are now adjacent from their current cell
 - Many bugfix
 - New graphic design
 - Working interface!
 - Refactoring (views, models)
v0.7 (2014-12-27)
 - Refactoring (better MVC, org folder)
 - Use of environment variables
 - First window made with Swing to test functionalities
v0.6 (2014-12-22)
 - MVC architecture (folders & packages)
v0.6 (2014-12-21)
 - JewelerJumper now works like a knight chess
v0.5
 - Working JewelerMadman + better code + banner
v0.4
 - Bugfix + more robots + better architecture
v0.3
 - Implementing a timer + some bugfix
 - Little update + adding Thief robots
v0.2
 - Some bugfix + jewelers are now able to drop jewels
v0.1 (2014-12-19)
 - Starting project
```
